Add changelog entry for character count i18n options (#2948)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

This was added in [pull request #2742: Add ability to customise character count fallback text](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2742).

#### Localise the character count's counter message

You can now translate the text shown by the [character count](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/components/character-count/) component to inform users of:

> - when they reached the maximum number of characters or words

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when they have reached the maximum number of characters or words
```

> - the number of characters or words over or under that maximum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the number of characters or words over or under the allowed maximum
```

> The Nunjucks macro accepts new options to let you customise each message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nunjucks macro accepts customisation for each message:
```

Author: My intent was to highlight that people would be able to pass new options to their Nunjucks macro, and this was a bit lost there. Would something like the following work?

```suggestion
The Nunjucks macro accepts new options to customise each message:
```

Reviewer: Ah I see. I've edited my suggestion so the only change is from passive to active voice. Does that work?

> - You can use `charactersAtLimitText` or `wordsAtLimitText` to provide the text to show when users reached the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `charactersAtLimitText` or `wordsAtLimitText` to provide the text that shows when users have reached the limit.
```

> - When users are under or over the limit, the component will pluralise the message according to the number of characters or words remaining, and the configured locale. You can pass `charactersUnderLimitText` or `wordsUnderLimitText` (when under the limit) and `charactersOverLimitText` or `wordsOverLimitText` (when over the limit) an object with the different plural forms expected by your locale. You'll find guidance about [the plural forms in our documentation about localising GOV.UK Frontend](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/localisation/#pluralisation). The component will replace `%{count}` with the number of characters over or under the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When users are under or over the limit, the component will pluralise the message according to the configured locale and the number of characters or words remaining. When under the limit you can pass `charactersUnderLimitText` or `wordsUnderLimitText` and when over the limit you can pass `charactersOverLimitText` or `wordsOverLimitText`  to an object with the different plural forms expected by your locale. You'll find guidance about [the plural forms in our documentation about localising GOV.UK Frontend](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/localisation/#pluralisation). The component will replace `%{count}` with the number of characters over or under the limit.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we're putting the localisation info in the design system. I think the URL needs to be to the frontend docs (new page).

Author: True, we'll be doing a PR to replace the links in the changelog when we'll have decided on URLs, as there are some in the accordion section as well (maybe the configuration options too). 

Regarding the content, I think the meaning changed a bit with your update. It makes it sound like users have to take an action "When under the limit" and "when over the limit". Actually, it's the component that'll make the decision to use the `...UnderLimitText` or `...OverLimitText` depending of whether the value entered is under or over the limit. Users only need to pass the keys for their message. 

In hindsight, that list item might be trying to group too many things by going for both scenarios at once. Maybe it'll work better if it's split up a bit?

```suggestion
- Use `charactersUnderLimitText` or `wordsUnderLimitText` to provide the text that shows when users are under the limit. The component will pluralise the message according to the configured locale and the number of characters or words remaining.
- Use `charactersOverLimitText` or `wordsOverLimitText` to provide the text that shows when users are over the limit. The component will pluralise the message according to the configured locale and the number of characters or words remaining.  

You'll find guidance about [the plural forms in our documentation about localising GOV.UK Frontend](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/localisation/#pluralisation). The component will replace `%{count}` with the number of characters over or under the limit.
```

That makes it a little repetitive and very close to what will be in the Nunjucks option table, but that may not be a bad thing? I'm open to other ideas

Reviewer: Yes, this is clearer. 👍🏻

If you're not using Nunjucks macro, you can use data-* attributes to provide these translations. Any HTML appearing within the attributes must have quotation marks and brackets converted into their [HTML entity equivalents](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Entity#reserved_characters).

> - `data-i18n.characters-at-limit` or `data-i18n.words-at-limit` for when users are at the limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `data-i18n.characters-at-limit` or `data-i18n.words-at-limit` for when users are at the limit
```

> - `data-i18n.characters-under-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-under-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, one suffix per plural form required by your locale, for when users are under the limit

Reviewer: For all of the sections where the changes make it sound like the user is causing the change how about amending it to:
"To show text that informs the end user they are under the character or word limit, use...."
"To show text that informs the end user they are over the character or word limit, use..."
?

> - `data-i18n.characters-under-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-under-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, one suffix per plural form required by your locale, for when users are under the limit

Author: I think that still makes it sound like it's the user taking an action, while those attributes are just configuration that need setting once before initialising the component. How about a variation of your last proposition?

"To configure the text that informs the end user they are under the character or word limit, use..."
"To configure the text that informs the end user they are over the character or word limit, use..."

> - `data-i18n.characters-under-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-under-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, one suffix per plural form required by your locale, for when users are under the limit

Author: ```suggestion
- To configure the text that informs the end user they are under the character or word limit, use `data-i18n.characters-under-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-under-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, with one suffix per plural form required by your locale
```

> - `data-i18n.characters-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, one suffix per plural form required by your locale, for when users are under the limit

Author: Same update as for the previous item, if it'd work 😄 

```suggestion
- Use `data-i18n.characters-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, one suffix per plural form required by your locale, for the message shown when users are under the limit
```

> - `data-i18n.characters-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, one suffix per plural form required by your locale, for when users are under the limit

Reviewer: I've edited my suggestion as per my previous comment. What do you think?

> - `data-i18n.characters-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, one suffix per plural form required by your locale, for when users are under the limit

Author: ```suggestion
- To configure the text that informs the end user they are over the character or word limit, use `data-i18n.characters-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}` or `data-i18n.words-over-limit.{other,many,few,two,one,zero}`, with one suffix per plural form required by your locale
```

You can also provide these messages using a JavaScript configuration object when creating an instance of the component or initialising all components.

> See [our guidance on localising GOV.UK Frontend](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/get-started/localisation/) for how to do this.

Reviewer: we'll probably need to change this URL as well.
